hello hello ah got it a nice treat for
all you youtubers today I got this
awesome chief wars video card at NCIX
warehouse sale for $1 very price yeah
I'm expecting some top-notch performance
from this thing check this out
it's the GeForce MX 4000 with a massive
64 megabytes of ddr and it's AGP oh my
god
it's got VGA and s-video out all of this
share this is intense I cannot wait to
open this the FG intense technical
support oh man check this out do
that VGA that giant heatsink
I'll keep this beast cool while it's
playing some intense games can we
maxed out with this crisis hmm there's
some metro 2033
maybe the all right I'm gonna have
to look for a shitty little cellar on a
Pentium 3 to run this thing so uh my
that'll blow up some gameplay